# 🗂️ Attack Shared Environments
In shared environments, multiple organizations’ web applications run on the same infrastructure provided by a third-party host. If one client’s application is malicious or vulnerable, it can be exploited to compromise other clients’ applications on the same system, creating significant security risks.

The following attacks can be performed on shared environments: 

## Attacks on the access mechanism 
The application service provider provides an administrative web interface to the organizations for configuring and managing the web application and its database from a remote location. This remote access mechanism is vulnerable to various attacks.
- Check whether the remote access mechanism has any unpatched vulnerabilities or configuration errors that can be exploited. Attackers exploit such vulnerabilities to capture credentials and gain access to the web application and its database.
- Check whether the access privileges are properly separated between clients. For example, a poor configuration may give customers shell access instead of file access. This may allow attackers to access sensitive files and data stored on the web servers.

---
## Attacks between applications 
Attacks between applications occur when a vulnerability in one web application is exploited to compromise other applications hosted on the same server. For example, the given Perl script accepts a user’s input as a command and runs it directly on the server:

```perl
#!/usr/bin/perl 
use strict;
use CGI qw(:standard escapeHTML); 
print header, start_html(""); 
if (param()){ 
    my $command = param("cmmd"); 
    $command=`$command`; 
    print "$command\n";
} else { 
    print start_form(); 
    textfield("command"); 
} 
print end_html;
```

By accessing this script online, an attacker could run OS commands like `whoami`. Similarly, an SQL injection flaw in one app could let attackers run malicious queries to access or alter data from other apps in the same environment.
