# 🧑‍💻 Attack Web Application Client
A web application client attack happens when a malicious server exploits weaknesses in a user’s browser or processes harmful data sent from the server. If successful, the attacker can take control of the client’s system, perform unauthorized actions, and access sensitive data. These attacks occur only when the client connects to the compromised server.

Some of the methods that attackers use to perform malicious attacks are discussed below. 
- **Cross-Site Scripting:** An attacker bypasses the clients' ID’s security mechanism, obtains access privileges, and then injects malicious scripts into the web pages of a website. These malicious scripts can even rewrite the HTML content of the website.

- **HTTP Header Injection:** Attackers split an HTTP response into multiple responses by injecting a malicious response in an HTTP header. Thus, they can deface websites, poison the cache, and trigger cross-site scripting.
  
- **Request Forgery Attack:** In a request forgery attack, attackers exploit the trust of a website or web application on a user's browser. The attack works by including a link on a page, which takes the user to an authenticated website.
  
- **Privacy Attacks:** A privacy attack involves tracking performed with the help of a remote site by employing a leaked persistent browser state.

- **Redirection Attacks:** Attackers develop code and links that resemble a legitimate site that a user wants to visit; however, the URL redirects the user to a malicious website on which attackers could potentially obtain the user’s credentials and other sensitive information.

- **Frame Injection:** When scripts do not validate their input, attackers inject code through frames. This affects all the browsers and scripts that do not validate untrusted input. These vulnerabilities occur in HTML pages with frames. Another reason for this vulnerability is that web browsers support frame editing.

- **Session Fixation:** Session fixation helps attackers hijack valid user sessions. They authenticate themselves using a known session ID and then use the known session ID to hijack a user-validated session. Thus, attackers trick users and access a genuine web server using an existing session ID value.

- **ActiveX Attacks:** Attackers lure victims via email or via a link that is constructed such that the loopholes of remote execution code become accessible, allowing the attackers to obtain access privileges equal to those of authorized users.
